Hey guys welcome back.
So last time we applied this code here to give our page a background image so we can continue styling
this now.
And first thing we do is get rid of this border around the image and as reason we do go back to here
and we'll put this right at the top because it's going to be the code base code just but h.t. AML comma
body.
And what the column means is it applies to this and it also applies to that right so that we're applying
this code to the A C mail We're also flying to the body.
If you look in here if you didn't know already the 8th email tags arounds are a whole a c of our document.
Okay right there.
So goes top to bottom.
So inside there we just kind of put padding zero.
That margin is zero.
And then height 100 percent.
That and if ivester page now you see that's got rid of our border I guess because by default the astm
outtake has some padding it has a margin risk.
Absolutely a space between the elements and the borders.
Okay so we just got rid of that.
So the other thing these asml properties is there's a lot of them.
So I won't be able to explain every single one in detail as we go.
It is take far too long.
So what I'll do is are trying to win them as best I can as I type.
But if you have a little bit more information you can ask me some questions or just google search it
and there's this so many pages explaining these things in a lot of detail.
So if you don't understand something ask me questions follow along and I really think you understand
as you move forward or just take a little Google search on your own and you'll find what you looking
for.
Okay.
But I will try our best to explain as I go.
So we know Blossom's more started this page now and we'll go back to read stoppie HP and then in between
the background div and the input contain a Or between there really create one more div around.
So this was Ruby div.
It's good to have that idae of log in container.
Okay.
And as the last time.
Get the devinder NEED THEM be a tab it along to the right one space so go all the way down to here.
Right there that's the closing date for that says left all of that press tab and move it along on one
space and then underneath that put you closing did one for the did you just created.
So there's the closing div for this lauring contain a div right.
And the reason we do that is because this logging container Dave is going to surround all of the code
on this page.
All right this input contain do is only going to surround the input because later on we're going to
have another day of outside of this div which will have some information which looks like this.
So later I'm going have this live as well.
So this long time today is going to just surround all the codes and surround all of this.
So what is it about it that save it.
Go back to our stage.
And then create that idea to the power symbol log in container and then press star.
So logging container start and the star means all.
So this code will be applied to everything in the logging container this kind of way you can put your
base Cola use your default font size and fonts type with colours and stuff.
So this is going to be all the default code you want to be applied with everything in this div rena's
a colour.
I say that and you should see white font colour.
And in fact we're going to continue styling this code from the browser right here.
So I guess you see you're changed as you type.
So reichlin inspect element.
And if you click on this our a top allows choose which element you want to just choose one of these
with the white styling applied then you can see this code right here.
This logic container code if you wanted to you could click on this registered or see assess link right
here and it would show you your registered or see assessed file to this file matches exactly with the
value here.
And if you want you can add you styling this way we can give this a better looking font.
Now this is a font family.
And then in there we can use but Helvetica near you I don't and you say that by now this is the I want
to use.
Helvetica Can you see something.
Oh no.
So that's the new double quotes comma.
And put another font which you just Helvetica.
After that more double quotes.
Arielle and and after that sans serf like that and use what you do in age you specified backup fonts
of this font doesn't work you use that one of that doesn't work.
You use that one to D does it back at once.
So how that's occurred knew you were you.
Is the one we're going to using again.
I'm sure that's so.
So go underneath them we're going to say find a way.
This is a normal fun way is just how thick you want the text to be which is but normal there and then
the line height is going to be one e m.
And what I am is is is a scalable unit of measurement for the font size.
So one of them is just whatever the font size currently is.
So if the current one size is 12 pixels and you say on one EM It means this will be 12 pixels.
If you said to me it means the line would be 24 pixels be two times 12 pixels.
So EMG takes whether the font size is and goes off that really is looking a little way better.
Does it look grey.
But again get there and then we'll one more thing in there just a box sizing.
And in that border box and you won't really see any changes to that yet.
But I know we want to put that one on the border box.
Does is it means that when you specify a wit for something it should take into account the padding in
the margins.
So I just put that in there the moment and that that will help you as you go forward and then we'll
put another thing underneath that.
So underneath lovick container Starr put
another log in container.
Taina like that.
And then this comes just like luggin containerize.
So no other attributes afterwards is out there.
80 percent.
So this logging contained it did.
Now if I go out to the elements tab you'll see this logging container div has a width of 80 per cent
see the blue part is 80 percent of the page width.
So go out to sources.
Those are is 80 percent margin no say zero and then Auto.
And what that does is it means the top and bottom we're to have zero.
And the left and right are going to have an auto margin.
So to show you what that means is I go out to here and go out a long container that container out there
you see the the orange part is the margin.
The blue buys out container.
See how centred it in the middle now.
So we said no margin the top and bottom which is why the blue bar goes right to the top but left and
right is auto and auto actually centred it by default.
Okay so this is in the middle now.
Go back to sources say a position relative and that means it positions it relative to its parent and
then Max.
We're going to be ten twenty four pixels.
So no matter how big your screen is don't let this get any bigger than ten twenty four pixels gay.
You don't have several.
This mean that it will just keep getting bigger and bigger.
As long as they have a screen big enough.
I see this.
Don't let it get any bigger.
One doesn't 24 pixels and that's actually for Logan Utena so ready we have a little bit better looking
better looking.
Page right there.
But remember we haven't actually saying that code.
So we actually have.
So we do have to go and copy and paste this into our file or so copy all that new code and paste it
into their archives.
I tried this paste it there and save that now means when you refresh this page you should see your changes.